.Dd 2026-01-03
.Dt SENDSMS 1
.Os
.Sh NAME
.Nm sendsms - Send a SMS via a Huawei HTTP enabled dongle
.Sh SYNOPSIS
.Nm sendsms 
.Fl t Ar toaddress,n2,...
.Op Fl b Ar baseurl
.Ar - 
.Sh DESCRIPTION
.Pp
.Nm
facilitates the sending of sms (text) messages to a Huawei USB dongle via the 
embedded HTTP API.  This allows the dongle to operate in the default router mode
with a network IP address, and avoid reconfiguring into an AT mode for 
traditional clients.
.Pp
Message body is taken from standard input, with a blank line to indicate the end
of the message.  The message body can also be supplied by a pipe to the program.
.Pp
The destination number must be provided with the
.Cm Fl t
flag, separated by a comma and with no whitespace.  These numbers should be in
full international format (e.g. +441234567890) for best compatibility.
.Pp
The default HTTP endpoint is http://192.168.8.1/api/ but can be overridden with 
the 
.Cm Fl b
flag, providing the full HTTP URL that the API is based on.
.Pp
This application is developed in .NET and may have been distributed as a
standalone compiled executable, or in a framework-dependent configuration.
.Pp
Known compatible dongles:
.Bl -bullet
.It
E3372-325
.El

.Sh SEE ALSO
.Xr smsmonitor 1

.Sh AUTHOR
.An "Alastair Grant" Aq http://www.aligrant.com/

.Sh COPYRIGHT
(C) 2025, Alastair Grant

.Sh LICENCE
This application is disributed under the GNU Affero General Public License
.Pp
See the LICENSE.txt file for full body. See THIRDPARTY-NOTICES.TXT for LICENCE
conditions for upstream libraries.